Add some installation instructions (#3)
Automattic/vip-jetpack-sync-cron: README.md

# VIP Jetpack Sync Cron

> By default, Jetpack Sync will sometimes attempt to piggyback on various cron or API requests - causing slowdowns on the shutdown hook. This plugin changes that, and ensures that Jetpack only syncs on the dedicated cron task.

Reviewer: Thanks! Just a quick modification to the wording: 
```suggestion
By default, Jetpack Sync will sometimes attempt to piggyback on various cron or API requests - causing slowdowns on the shutdown hook. This plugin modifies that behaviour and ensures that Jetpack only syncs on the dedicated cron task.
```
